Welcome to the Model
Asset eXchange. After watching this video, you will be able to navigate the Model Asset eXchange from IBM and explain how deep learning
model-serving detects images. The Model Asset
eXchange or MAX on the IBM Developer platform is a free open-source resource
for deep learning models. The tasks needed to
train a model from scratch require a
large amount of data, labor, time, and resources
and because of this, time to value can be quite long. To reduce time to value, consider taking advantage of pre-trained models for
certain types of problems. These pre-trained models can
be ready to use right away, or they might take
less time to train. Models are created by
running data through a model using compute resources
and domain expertise. After research,
evaluation, test, train, and validate steps are complete, you will have a validated model. The Model Asset eXchange is a
free open-source repository for ready-to-use and customizable deep-learning
microservices. These microservices
are configured to use pre-trained or custom-trainable
deep learning models to solve common
business problems. These models have been
fully tested and can be quickly deployed in local
and Cloud environments. All models in MAX are available under permissive
open-source licenses, making it easier to use them for personal and
commercial purposes, which reduces the risk
of legal liabilities. On MAX, you can find models
for a variety of domains, including object detection,
image, audio, video, and text classification,
named entity recognition, image-to-text translation, human pose detection, and more. Let's look at the components of a typical model-serving
microservice. Each microservice includes a pre-trained
deep learning model, code that pre-processes
the input before it is analyzed
by the model, code that post-processes
the model output, and a standardized
public API that makes the services functionality
available to applications. Model-serving
microservices are created by running inputs through a validated model and then applying the output
to a REST API. After implement, package, document, and test
steps are complete, you will have a
model-serving microservice that can be sent to a local machine or a private
hybrid or public Cloud. MAX model-serving
microservices are built and distributed as
open-source Docker images. Docker is a container
platform that makes it easy to build and
deploy applications. The Docker image source is
published on GitHub and can be downloaded and customized for use in personal and
commercial environments. Use the Kubernetes
open-source system to automate the deployment, scaling, and management
of these Docker images. Red Hat OpenShift is a popular enterprise-grade
Kubernetes platform. It is available on IBM Cloud, Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services,
and Microsoft Azure. In this video, you learned that the Model Asset eXchange is a free open-source
repository for ready-to-use and customizable deep-learning
microservices. To reduce time to value, consider taking advantage of pre-trained models for
certain types of problems. MAX model-serving
microservices are built and distributed on GitHub as
open-source Docker images. Red Hat OpenShift is a Kubernetes platform used
to automate deployment, scaling, and management
of microservices.